Update troubleshooting-your-setup.md (#1266)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/troubleshooting-your-setup.md

If executing the `stencil start` command generates an `Unauthorized, please use a valid username/token` error, make sure the `.stencil` file or `secrets.stencil.json` and `config.stencil.json` files (if using Stencil V3.1 release or later) contain the correct store URL. Also, verify that you copied the correct username and token. If you continue to get the same error, please reissue tokens.

### 403 errors

> If the Stencil server responds with a 403 error, check to ensure you are not using a proxy-based domain service like Cloudflare or Amazon Cloudfront. If you are using a proxy, modify the hosts file on your machine to map your localhost to the BigCommerce IP of your store.

Author: If the Stencil server responds with a 403 error and you are using a proxy-based domain service like Cloudflare or Amazon Cloudfront, modify the hosts file on your machine to map the localhost to the IP address of the BigCommerce server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Stencil server responds with a `403` error and you are using a proxy-based domain service like Cloudflare or Amazon Cloudfront, modify the hosts file on your machine to map the localhost to the IP address of the BigCommerce server.
```
Added your comment as a suggestion so you could easily commit the changes, the only thing I edited was code formatting for `403`
